you're looking at a 1959 GMC 100 series
pickup this is a half-ton shortbed
stepside with the very rare and
desirable rear back window big rear back
window this truck is a very special one
it's had only two owners this entire
life receive one coat of paint otherwise
is in a very is in very original
condition still where's the original
undercoat in underneath the truck the
beds in the wood and the bed is that
should the original wood that came with
it it has been painted but on the
underside you can see that where is this
original undercoating the original spare
tire that came with the truck very nice
and straight original wheel covers and
wheels no orange peel on the paint
very nicely looked after check out how
clean that interior is it was refreshing
painted none of the typical rust issues
that you normally see in the hinges or
the running boards or no rust in the cab
corners of course how clean the floors
are I also want to point out that this
is a automatic transmission the GMC
truck hydra-matic automatic transmission
if you're looking for a truck that
hasn't been screwed around with
something that's just in very nice
regional condition that run great this
is a this is one to you starts right up
needs little gas there we go
all the gauges work including the
speedometer and odometer the water
temperature gauge the fuel gauge l work
we have a vintage upgrade Audiovox am/fm
cassette player Deluxe heater headliner
is original
how nicely that door fits
got your original six-cylinder motor
one barrel carb generator
your sticker on the car
Carl
runs like a champ
cops are really nice in uniform again
look how kind of nice way their doors
shut cab corners are nice and clean see
if you're looking for a very original
very rare very well-preserved late
fifties Jim Chevy or GMC do not miss
this one 1959 GMC 100 series pickup big
rear window automatic hydra-matic
transmission all original